Attempt to tidy up documentation (#3869)
kubernetes-sigs/kind: site/content/docs/user/configuration.md

#### IP Family

> KIND has support for IPv4, IPv6 and dual-stack clusters, you can switch from the default of IPv4 by setting:

Author: This "you can switch from the default of IPv4 by setting:" felt strange. When I read it it felt like a config option was missing after the colon, but I see everything is described in the text below.
This attempts to fix that problem, but It feels un-elegant to me.

Reviewer: we need english native people, @BenTheElder , we still need to mention that the default is IPv4 in the new sentence

Reviewer 2: suggested something below, I agree that this is awkward currently

> KIND has support for IPv4, IPv6 and dual-stack clusters, it is possible to switch away from the default.

Reviewer 3: /remove-lgtm

+1, making the default very clear would be great.

> KIND has support for IPv4, IPv6 and dual-stack clusters, it is possible to switch away from the default (IPv4).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KIND has support for IPv4, IPv6 and dual-stack clusters, with the default being IPv4. You can change this by setting` ipFamily` under `networking` to `ipv6` or `dual`, see below for more requirements.
```

Author: nice and clean, thanks!
